good evening and welcome to again one
new episode of eelco gaming
also announce today which of you
has won the minecraft account
and we will do that on the following
way
those who do the minecraft
account has been won
little boy the one who has the minecraft account
has won is someone with is one
original name and yes how much fan i also
have our best sacred chicken rear
name like
not whether the microphone name that wants
choose the name chicken because
contain to the name contains the name
gnome and then so more expensive than one
leprechaun peaking well there
so back then a leprechaun indeed and
that is matthijs hiking so matthijs
Congratulations you have 12 o'clock on Monday
to respond to a remedy that you
in your youtube inbox and me
has let me know where i am here is
ca n't sion i have the email address
fill in necessary for the rest click
not gone because what good news
but you have 30
so we go for the youtube gathering
yet give away a minecraft account what
I heard
yes a little bit crazy we are going
namely give a nice confidence
to you
and why is because lately
streaming live
hey we are going to eat so seem real
indeed on youtube cards super
nice and I really want that for you
just for thanking and I think I know
you know how we can do that then just do it
by returning part of the income
give to you
or maybe actually
probably most of
income through a minecraft
account
you look at something in return and
if she keeps going well
so if you keep watching if you like that
continue to like if you keep looking
go to the live streams then we go the
maybe do it much more often
perhaps ever go even moonlight
repeat or something
in June let gq look but just
level for 30 moon but a new one
minecraft account to win
what do you have to do for that then you get
on a video or cuckoo soon
gaming or through a tweet on
yoko on log in or in the live stream too
see between now and thirty but boys
thanks for watching
no not this video a thumbs up
to give to like to deliver to
subscribers
works from monet and below a comment
leave behind with whom you think
with the things that have come to market
give away and then I'd rather see the funfair